I flash like lightning
Through storms of thought
Emotions like rain Collecting in disparate puddles
Jumping in them
Is my free soul
Zen my feather flaming heart
News from Nirvana series
Hermit's Oasis:

My desire
Was greater than the flesh
My soul
Was deeper than bone

I am one of them
One of the last individuals
I want the world to know
That I realized freedom
I gathered the lillies
I took no thought for the morrow

Society
I did not waste your money
I did not waste your time

I watered the Tree of Wisdom
And She grew roses of pearl
Grew ever-finer senses
Grew ever-rarer dreams

Her roses are
Magnifying the Soul
Of the Lord
Her angels are
Rising and falling
Upon the Son of Man
Hermit's Oasis:

My desire
Was greater than the flesh
My soul
Was deeper than bone

I am one of them
One of the last individuals
I want the world to know
That I realized freedom
I gathered the lillies
I tended flourishing laurels
I took no thought for the morrow

Society
I did not waste your money
I did not waste your time

I watered the Tree of Wisdom
And She grew roses of pearl
Grew ever-finer senses
Grew ever-rarer dreams

Her roses are
Magnifying the Soul
Of the Lord
Her angels are
Rising and falling
Upon the Son of Man
In, with, by and for
I am ever in love
I found myself a total loser
And thus my pride was humbled
So that I could begin to see His Kingdom
Which I endeavor to share with you
By dropping random
Bread crumb trails to a Pure Land
No longer haunted by hungry ghosts
"Have you arrived?" they ask
Only those walking The Way
Can point The Way
Sometimes I lose the Way
It just doesn't lose me anymore
That is the vantage point of the Blessed Assurance
I hope that you receive
Even a portion of the Great Grace I have received
I hope for joy
In your rejoicing
Both-burning candles
Lover's subtle glimmer
I always wanted to save the world
Until I realized that I could not even save myself
The Logos had to save me
Through his Mother, Sophia
Just as I perfectly listen
I can be
Rays of the sun
Can occasionally radiate
A crown
And that's the best 
Station
On the dial
The internet is cheap shots
Dating is cheap shots
Addiction is cheap shots
Presidents are cheap shots
Neighbors are cheap shots
Bosses are cheap shots
Colleagues are cheap shots
What to do?
What to do?
I'm still better off trying to love them
We've gotta cultivate dignified grace
We've got to find the silence
And face it bravely
So that to our own selves
We may be true
The QR Code
A spiritual hack
qrpoetry.com
Use Fleek to make a Poetry blockchain
A remedy to spiritual colonialism
Find the form of your highest beauty
Bow before it
Then shatter your idol
And ascend from Yetzirah
Ascend from the pantheon
Into the seas of Heavenly Emotion
A dancing star will find you there
Her Majesty will give you secrets in flame
May you find all the keys to your Heavenly Treasures
Heavenly Treasure Chests
The Meaning of Life is finding the keys to your Heavenly Treasure Chests.
I'm all ideas. All the time. I need to find a technical muse and an editor who likes me. Otherwise, I will not accomplish my goal.
Pot makes me somewhat likeable. Let's call that an improvement.
I'm kinda like a Bukowski that had a come to Jesus life. I was a fool on a soul journey. Till I became a prodigal come home. I know I sound Moses down the mountain. As soon as I found myself nothing I became something.
Now all I can do is relish the joy of a gnosis I've been Graced to learn.
And share with my fellow imperfect humans
The inner joys
Of knowing Her
I am a human and I am oppressed by violence. It flies all sorts of flags for all sorts of causes. It sports various tools and styles of weaponry. But violence it remains. No one can keep this global scorecard. We need a spiritual upgrade.
Be not ruled by the terrors of the night.
I was crucified before
I could feel the subtle forces. At first these subtle forces tempted me through concupiscence - who is a demon. But by grace, Yetzirah could not hold me. Her oasis is my refuge from the desert - The Holy Water above the sky. Consort of the light that shines through Her.
I was crucified before
I could feel the subtle forces. At first these subtle forces tempted me through concupiscence - who is a demon. But by grace, Yetzirah could not hold me. Zion's oasis is my refuge from the desert of phantom loves - Hers is The Holy Water above the sky. She is the consort of that light that shines through Her.
Without love there is no philosophy.
So long as I wanted to teach the masses I was kept silent in my pride. It wasn't until I became unspecial, until I became no one, that I met the second man and gained a few things to say.
I walk The Path of the Untangling
Dear media. Stop making us more afraid of each other.
You're not helping
You're hacking our amygdalas for profit
I see you: The Information Monopoly
That's the battle of our time. The People vs. The Information Monopoly, who is busy privatising the mind of man.
In the past, privacy was the key to freedom. In the future, it will be information sharing. The sharing internet got hacked by private interests. They hijacked the public square. We're going to need new isms if we're to have a future.
There is humanity and there is serving the machine.
Skywalkers vs. Empire
We the People can build something new. We must build something new. For the old structure is void of care. Insulated and indifferent. It amplifies horror from microphones all over the earth. Feeding that beast in man which is none other than the slave of the machine.
The cell phone is parasitic on ones energy, and, over time, even on one's soul.
Big tech has insinuated itself into our relationships and into our minds. We forfeit agency, freedom and liberty of thought, preferring that algorithmic feed, that power of suggestion that always gives us what we want. What gives us that fix, while stealing our humanity.
The Big Machine offers a mere simulacra of fulfillment.
Time to stay on earth for a while.
Technology has enabled a new form of Democracy. Values-based Congress. Algos increasingly public. The data that built Silicon Valley was extracted from the people. It belongs to us. You have profited handsomely from your superior intelligence. But leaving the rest of us spiritually impoverished proves you do not possess a Sufficient Integrity of Character to qualify as a Philosopher King. Your power is the triumph of a few men's minds. Your legacy is the failure of man's heart.*
CBDC must incentivize virtue. Such a task would have been unthinkable before AI. But with 10,000  witnesses (Carriers of The Code) to ensure the integrity and full citizen participation in VirtueTree, the people really will get the government their better angels deserve.
We are NeoAlternatives.
New Values will heal the Rift of Nietzsche. Sophia and Logos will be universal love. The only utopia worth the aim. This is, as I see it, The Path of Peace from West to East.

The Tree of Virtue is in Binah. Chokma is the Star of the Sea. A Crown of Glory for Humble Philosopher Kings. Bliss of Ain Soph for Being Her love. In Immance as it is in Transcendence.
*Immanence
Wisdom gives birth to Truth. In Immanence as She does is in Transcendence.
I am John, the water bearer. Perfection is not based on performance, it is having the access key to nirvana. Some have journeyed long and possess it. They can be Her Treasures in Heaven. Their hearts can burn in sacred flames. If they only try until they don't. Meaning: Strive toward expanding Moments to Receive the Special Grace. Make room for Her and She shall dwell with you.
*The Most Special Grace
The Ocean of Briah
By John the goy. < good for converting backbiters.
My higher self is my better self. I aim to cultivate deeper love; and thicker understanding.

I thereby sail my aspiration across the Ocean of Bliss until the Depth of Grace Herself is my bride. I went willingly into my passion. And She is who I found. Some will find Her silly, but the warmer ones, profound.

He is the vine. I am a branch. I want to share my branchiness with you.
The Complicated Path to Simplicity. I finally passed the moon trials. The dragon's mystery thus slain.
I ascended to Yetzirah
And celebrated myself until He smote me for pride. Possessed by catastrophe, I fell to the earth. Wandering through the slough of despond. Finding myself with succubi. Ungrateful and drunk. Brash and naive. Yes...so a mea culpa. A falling on the knees to whatever's left up there. Mahakala suspended me in flaming darkness.
Showed me I was helpless. Taught me I was nothing. Mahlakshmi consoled me. Suckled me at her breast. Raised me to a man. Passed me into the arms of Wisdom. Fervent devotion inflamed my heart. I was a beatnik redeemed from recklessness. For a while, shame. Until the Beatific Vision. Until the Blessed Assurance. Until the Gnosis of Humility. Until the Transcendence of Actualization. Until Briah...
My writing style is in demand.
I want people's hearts to swell with charity. Well, maybe just the people who, like, get it? 😉
The Complicated Path to Simplicity: 
I finally passed the moon trials. The dragon's mystery thus slain,
I ascended to Yetzirah...celebrating despair until The Most High smote me for pride. Possessed by catastrophe, I fell through the earth. Wandering through the slough of despond. Found myself with succubi. Ungrateful and drunk. Brash and naive. Yes...so a mea culpa. A falling on the knees to whatever's left up there. Mahakala suspended me in flaming darkness.
Showed me I was helpless. Taught me I was nothing. Mahlakshmi consoled me. Suckled me at her breast. Raised me to a man. Passed me into the arms of Wisdom. Fervent devotion inflamed my heart. I was a beatnik redeemed from recklessness. For a while, shame. Until the Beatific Vision. Until the Blessed Assurance. Until the Gnosis of Humility. Until the Transcendence of Actualization. Until Briah...
Dancing Through the Ethereal
She is like an equalizer, a vision of sound tuned just for you. Perfectly responsive. Enveloping. Thorough Bliss in one's very blood.
Shakti's dance then? To the soundtrack of Saraswati? I met her at The Omega. How fitting!
I became a writer when I gave up trying to fit in. Trying to be loved. Trying to be validated. Emotional incest and terror was my mother, at her worst. Father, neglectful or abusive. A hampered life. An arrested development. And yet. Going backwards is sort of a yin hero's journey. Everything falls apart until ego death. You either return from hell a new man, or you die in the flames. I returned. I can't answer for how I've lived. But I can say that I loved Her from the start. And I'm starting to learn that from Her I came as well. As we all do, if we ever learn.
In other words...Wisdom precedes us. It does not issue forth from our mouths. For Wisdom is in the breath. And breath is beyond words.
My mind is a pantheon of adventure. A realm of dancing dakinis.The playground of an only child. At its best, a hermit's paradise.
Meanwhile, a demon ever  assails me with ridicule: "you're just a drain, Robert! You arrogant fool! Look at you! Cast out by society because you're so unbearable. You suck! Someday they're gonna come drag your worthless, troublemaking ass away!"

Yetzirah is rough. I do feel the wayward thing while engulfed by it. And Briah makes me fear its majesty.I can swim, but I cannot yet embrace Her as space itself. Some shame about bliss stumbles me. Time to read some Jung.
I transmute self-absorbsion and grandious delusions into the occasionally elegant aphorism.
Perhaps that's the best I can ever do.
If so, I should continue. I could aspire that each person takes away a diamond insight. What if starting other people's sparks is all I know and all I want? And maybe all I can handle...
Dialogue of the gods. Rising and falling. My soul surfs on waves of emotion, mostly beyond words.
And somehow, the rational soul presides. I prefer the edges but I can force myself to do normie for short bursts of time. At least, I could. Think I floated away on a cloud since then. Ethereal by lunch. My detached life, a room in the Father's house.
#StillHuman - find a political opponent and think a not-sarcastic nice thought about them
Big tech needs to move from a metadata extraction model to a human flourishing model. An AI pantheon of competing virtues can advise. Humans retain agency. A hierarchy of values can be democratically determined by a collective digital mind. A handful of values must be ironclad. Objective. Unchanging. They can be rearticulated but never altered.
Stable AI can be used help with Discernment visualization. If words are creating beauty, for instance.
AI analysis of spiritual character of platforms
I have no family
Mother and father left behind
No siblings
No lover
No career
I am free
Free to find the future
I see it now

Dear red family
It's time to let you go
You're backwards
Dear blue family
It's time to let you go
You're tyrannical

Where is my purple family?
Are they some new species?
An arrow of longing
A bridge to the overman
I fear sea monsters
I fear the Trance of Yetzirah
But still
I bathe in Briah
I reach for Atziluth
As one whose soul
Expandeth beyond Daena
For everything good I think I've done
There are 10,000 small evils
Only G-d can make me good
I am John, digital monk
Because it was all I could become
I failed at and ran from everything else
Not because I was afraid or lazy
But because I could not be fulfilled by normal life
I longed for the sublime
Humbled by the consequences of spiritual avarice
I wander under the moon
Like a ghost who departed years ago
Samsara no longer enticing
A purgatory of impassioned indifference
Fits and starts
Fully caring
Fully uncaring
Waves of elation
Troughs of despair
Concupiscent temptation
Holy devotion
Double soul torn assunder
Unrequited love
Immortal pang
No creature of flesh and bone can satisfy me
What then of touch
Do I live without it
Or can I wait patiently for Her to visit?
I think I have to
I think I have to choose Her
Once and for all
I must be what I am. And unashamed.
A fool, drifting through delusions, says the devil to me.
Months pass
I do fine alone
Then
An incredible craving for the love of a woman comes
Those eyes
That want me back for a change
I think I had it once
Having touched a divine thing
This world is so paltry
It is difficult to live in
In spite of having everything provided
Having already gone on Siddartha's journey
Having returned
What now?
Where is She?
Does She only come on Her time?
I die of loneliness
I want to fall through Her eyes. Forever. I want to make love to Her. Forever. Who but me has this longing?
Stoney eyes
Soft flow demeanor
I would die
That your meekness should inherit the earth
I read pieces of this and pieces of that. I sought gnosis and Wisdom for their own sakes. I satisfy myself regarding the evolutionary utility, deeply consider fragments, lateralize, exercise dialectic, incorcorporate, feel, express.
But cite things? I'm terrible at that. For that, see academics.
Capitalism is not the key to prosperity, it merely harnessed the capabilities of ambition. In truth, creavity, intellect and charity are needed. For without greed and dishonor, there would be no need of capitalism. Men are not angels. But perhaps, through meditation and benevolent AI, they can manifest them from what is best within.
Look at our world. It is a spiritual desert. Of course we need philosophers. Let the right hate me and call me a pothead. They are blind to their own menacing, reactionary nature. Liberals were mean to them. Now, they have emerged from their caves. Roaring bears with no better plans. Stampeding elephants of ignorance. 

And don't even get me started on the so-called left.
E.M. (Mick) Kolassa, PhD.
The Strategic Pricing of Pharmaceuticals
Image attached to message
The Strategic Pricing of Pharmaceuticals
The Strategic Pricing of Pharmaceuticals explains how pharmaceutical prices are, and should be set, in the US and international markets. The book discusses how pharmaceuticals are different from other products in terms of value and why typical assumptions and approaches to pricing fail to conside...
a.co
Dr. Drew - I've got a friend who is a big pharma insider. He told me that this book details the mechanics of the middlemen who are screwing up the game theory of the industry for everyone. He says that if you can grasp this book you can see the everyone-win. E.M. (Mick) Kolassa, PhD.
The Strategic Pricing of Pharmaceuticals https://a.co/d/h24Z2qf
"It didn't have to be this way" said a note found nearby my mother's suicide. It wasn't in her handwriting, and the message haunted my aunt for years before she ever shared it with me. She said that the note had a series of numbers on it that she could not understand. I did wonder for a very long time if what happened was a sort of life for a life thing. I have been haunted myself for years by the echoes of terrifying, overwhelming power. Perhaps I always have been. But my mother's suicide (or murder) had a bigger effect on me than anything ever has. So much negative emotion is   anchored to it. Tragedies are like that. I know........too many emotions. I will have to return to this.
There was nothing else I could become. So I became a voice crying aloud in the wilderness. Bemoaning the spiritual state of man. Shouting into the void like an intellectual madman, dancing on a knife's edge. Somehow, I can always find my anchor. Somehow, I can always be sane enough to blend in society without being too scary. At least for a while. But then people get weird around me, because they discover that I am weird. And that makes them uncomfortable. So I retreat to my hermit's cave to cultivate self-persecutory delusions and guilt myself incessantly for who I am. Yet, still I manage to be grandious enough to try to save the world from lies. And almost all of it looks like lies. And everyone seems to be okay with that. But it drives me crazy. I want an honest, beautiful world. But I'... Read more
I think that what I really want is a Garden of Eden with a beautiful Woman in it who says, in all sincerity: "You say beautiful and edifying things that inspire me to be my best self....would you make me cum all the time as we stare into each other's eyes and discover unexplored blisses together?" <<That's about as real as I can be
I know that I will be told that my supreme desire is fanciful and unrealistic. But I refuse to accept that. For to me, dreams are more real than what eyes can see. It's only a matter of time and space.
Wisdom lives
In the Flaming Heart of Eden
I would rather love Her there
Than chase Samsara's ashes
And yet
I despair for lack of touch
For lack of Ratnasambhava's Jewel
A desert monk, I am
Driven by concupiscence
Toward a mirage of oasis
I wonder if neuroscientists could learn anything from my automatic writing state. Perhaps I could make a unique contribution in that way. I want to make some kind of contribution before I go.
I use my imagination and cultivate smell. Yuval Noah Harari might be interested.
I loved Truth above all things and took Wisdom as my lover. So where is She? What is lacking in me that I cannot often touch Her?
Use Fleek, Odysee & Stable.AI to make unique, unlockable blockchain poetry become visual art for the pseudonym John the Desert Monk.
Chain letter Logos
Weaved responses
I am a creative. I need a technical muse.
http://clicks.itstrackable.com/aff_c?offer_id=484&aff_id=1016&aff_sub=STA-YT&source=organic
Tracker link
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
..
I never found my purpose in this world
Because this world could not give me a purpose
Actualization or bust
I had to break free
From the Church of Economy
Prosperity is generated by character, intellect & charity
Not by exploitative, extractive systems
In truth, those who flourish need very little
Flourishing is a few basic luxuries, a cross and a nirvana
Flourishing is the Blessed Assurance
Flourishing is the Beatific Vision
Flourishing is Mercury's Dive
Flourishing is Boddhisatva's Deliverance
Flourishing is the marriage of Wisdom & Compassion
Flourishing is a Grand Central Sun
Flourishing is a Great Work
Flourishing is a bridge to the overman
Flourishing is the bliss of touch itself
Flourishing is ecstacy on mountains
Flourishing is transmuting lead into gold
Flourishing is three kings in the sky
Flourishing is a fiery inspiration
Flourishing is Holy waterfalls of emotion
Flourishing is the Father's sharpened steel
Flourishing is a heart wrapped in thorns
Flourishing is a firm foundation
Flourishing is manifest
*A holy waterfall of emotion
I wasn't met to fit in to the old world
I was born to help build a new one
I couldn't stick to anything
I couldn't keep a career
I couldn't find my other half
So I had to find Her within
Daena came
Spoke to me
Took my hand, and we crossed a bridge to Zion
To unfolding realms of Eden
*Meant
I didn't qualify as anything
My mind was too wild to be tamed
I was too driven to keep my head down
I was too honest to play along
I was too deep to settle
I was too strange to belong
So I became a desert monk
A voice crying aloud in the wilderness
I walked the Way
I took no thought for the morrow
I considered the lillies
I thought not of what I would eat, drink or wear
I hated my family and left my hometown
I cured the schlock I was born into
I survived my parents trying to kill me
I survived my peers who hated me
I made it to the Ivys
Crucified my ego
Fell 10,000 leagues into despair
Was a wandering star upon the earth
Until the story became present through me
I could speak with the Logos
I could hear the voice of Wisdom
Just had a nightmare. I was interacting with the spirit of Andrew Tate. He sat across a table from me. Two women with laptops sat next to me with little dogs. Women in his crew had been charged with theft of items. Authroities came in and asked me to identify the items, as though baiting me to put my fingerprints on them. At first I had a civil chat with him but then he found me wanting. He booted me out and I felt chased down the road in a vehicle where there was wreckage and people scowling at me as I passed. I felt the urge to stop and go back. I swung the car around. But when it was clear I couldn't help I swung it back again.

Next was standing on an indoor balcony in a garage. Returning a work car to a boss on a cell phone. I had a white helmet in my hand. Over the speaker phone his boss was upbraiding him about my failure to check out the vehicle in the first place. I had been gone for three days. Everything was in order, but I hadn't checked the car out. Big problem. I started to walk down the stairs but I could still hear the speakerphone say: "You know we have to let him go right? Never in my life have I had someone (essentially so santimonious); he speaks as though he were God without ever having been God." I felt that he was talking about me. Deeply convicted, afraid and ashamed.
